#Notice

##Initial properties

**name**

Default: "Notice"

**identifier**

Default: "notice"

The identifier must be unique for each Notice class.

**html_template**

Default: "notice/default.html" (path to template)

**text_template**

Default: "notice/default.txt" (path to template)

**subject**

Default: "Default subject"

**body_vars**

Default: `False`

**sender**

Default: `cotimail_settings.COTIMAIL_SENDER`

**recipients**

Default: `['Firstname Lastname <firstname.lastname@example.com>',]` (list)

**reply_to**

Default: `cotimail_settings.COTIMAIL_REPLY_EMAIL`

**default_context**

Default: `{}` (empty dict)

**context_editable**

Default: `[]` (empty list)

Defines the fields that can be saved against the email log to populate in the
notitifcation email. Those values are used to generate a custom form when
creating a new email from a template (admin use only).

Example:

    context_editable = [
        {
            "fieldset":"Customer",
            "fields":[
                {
                    "name":"email",
                    "type":"charfield",
                    "required":True
                }
            ]
        }
    ]

##Getter Properties

**headers**

Assign the "Reply-To" header is reply_to attribute exists.

**get_identifier**

Return the `identifier` attribute as unicode.


##Methods

**get_context([context])**

Create a Django context object from the JSON dictionary (context passed while generate a new notice instance) and returns it.
`context` is optional, for overriding the current context.

**get_body_html([context])**

Render the template to html using the context.
`context` is optional, for overriding the current context.

**get_body_txt([context])**

Render the template to txt using the context.
`context` is optional, for overriding the current context.

**get_body_pdf([context])**

Render the template to PDF using the context.
`context` is optional, for overriding the current context.

**get_subject()**

Return the Notice's subject.

**send([force_now])**

Prepare the notice based on the settings. 
Uses the `COTIMAIL_QUEUE_MAIL` setting to either send it using the `process_and_send` method or log it the database using `log`.

You can force the email to be sent straight away, overriding the `COTIMAIL_QUEUE_MAIL` setting by passing `force_now` as `True`.

**queue()**

Create an email log as `QUEUED` to be sent by the `send` command. 

**log(status [, log_id])**

Log the notice in the database. Pass the `log_id` to override an existing log.

**process_and_send()**

If no notice object is supplied, then it will assume to triggered by the instance itself and will use `self` as the notice object. It will then set the notice attributes for Mandrill API and send the email right away.
